chore: update PR template (#2851)
rudderlabs/rudder-transformer: .github/pull_request_template.md

## What are the changes introduced in this PR?

Write a brief explainer on your code changes.

> ## Please explain the objectives of your changes below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Please explain the objectives of your changes below
```

Put down any required details on the broader aspect of your changes. If there are any dependent changes, **mandatorily** mention them here

### Type of change

If the pull request is a **bug-fix**, **enhancement** or a **refactor**, please fill in the details on the changes made.
| Current changes | New changes |
|--|--|

> | | |

Reviewer: What do we expect to fill in here?

Reviewer: Ok. It might not be easy to do this within a table. I'd just plainly describe them one after another.

Author: Are the words current changes and new changes fine to use ?

Reviewer: Hmm...let's define sections like "Existing capabilities/behavior" and "New behavior/capabilities".

Author: Updated.

If the pull request is a **new feature**,

### Any technical or performance related pointers to consider with the change?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
N/A

```

### Any new dependencies introduced with this change?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
N/A

```

> Any new generic utility introduced or modified. Please explain the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Any new generic utility introduced or modified. Please explain the changes.
```

### If the PR has changes in more than 5 files, please mention why the changes were not split into multiple PRs.

--

> ### If there are multiple linear items associated with the PR changes, please elaborate on the reason:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If multiple Linear tasks are associated with the PR changes, please elaborate on the reason.
```

--

<hr>

### Developer checklist

> [ ] **Please confirm if there are no breaking changes being introduced.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] **No breaking changes are being introduced.**
```

[ ] Are all related docs linked with the PR?

> [ ] Are all changes tested?

Reviewer: as we already have a separate line item for other kinds of tests.
```suggestion
[ ] Are all changes manually tested?
```

> [ ] Does this change require any RudderStack documentation changes?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] Does this change require any documentation changes?
```

[ ] Are relevant unit and component test-cases added?

### Reviewer checklist

> [ ] Is the PR tagged correctly as per the changes?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] Is the type of change in the PR title appropriate as per the changes?
```

> [ ] Verified if there are no security credentials or confidential information in the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] Verified that there are no credentials or confidential data exposed with the changes.
```

## What are the changes introduced in this PR?

Write a brief explainer on your code changes.

## Please explain the objectives of your changes below

Put down any required details on the broader aspect of your changes. If there are any dependent changes, **mandatorily** mention them here

### Type of change

If the pull request is a **bug-fix**, **enhancement** or a **refactor**, please fill in the details on the changes made.

- Existing capabilities/behavior

- New capabilities/behavior

If the pull request is a **new feature**,

### Any technical or performance related pointers to consider with the change?

N/A

### Any new dependencies introduced with this change?

N/A

### Any new generic utility introduced or modified. Please explain the changes.

N/A

### If the PR has changes in more than 10 files, please mention why the changes were not split into multiple PRs.

N/A

> ### If multiple linear items are associated with the PR changes, please elaborate on the reason:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If multiple linear tasks are associated with the PR changes, please elaborate on the reason:
```
